#FEWD Week #3: CSS Layouts


###Description

Relaxr, from Des Moines, was really impressed by your work last week and wants you to continue development on their landing page. Starting in class, you will work to build out a more complex layout for their company site. They decided on creating a blog, and their back-end engineers will be focused on developing the blog's functionality.

They want your front-end skills to style their designs using HTML and CSS so Relaxr's engineers can begin integrating. Once again, the designers have handed you a basic design file with instructions and the JPEG below to help you bring the blog to life. Submit the finished version for homework.

Relaxr Blog


###Real-World Applications

Build websites with multi-column layouts
Turn complex design assets into code
Style text on your page with Google Fonts

###Technical Requirements

Use in-line-block or floats in your CSS to achieve a two-column layout
Use the correct Open Sans Google Font typeface to style the text denoted in the design file and according to the JPEG provided
Use proper filename conventions (lowercase, .html)
Use a single external CSS stylesheet to style all pages
Use a background image for the headers
Add a hover effect to all the links using pseudo-classes
Integrate drop caps using pseudo-classes
Bonus

Link the "Blog" link in the header to the page you've built for this assignment
Link the "About" link in the header to the landing page you built last week
Up for a real challenge? Use <script> tags in your HTML and read ahead to make a dialogue box pop up when a user clicks "Sign Up Now!" that reads "We're Not Ready For Sign-Ups...Yet."

###Resources

Starter Code and Design File
Documentation on integrating Drop Caps
Documentation on CSS Pseudo-classes
Starter Code, Assets, and Design File
Prepare for JavaScript/jQuery
Read ahead on jQuery basics

###Evaluation / Submission

Students should use the same folder and GitHub repository as the previous project ("homework-landingpage"). When ready for evaluation they should push their code to that repository. Instructional team should evaluate against the solution code and the student's use of technical elements. They will provide a numeric grade on a scale: does not meet expectations (0); meets expectations (1); exceeds expectations (2). The maximum possible score on this assignment is 14/14. Bonus materials are completely optional.